add synopsis to architecture, transactions, accounts (#928)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: academy/2-main-concepts/architecture.md

tag: fast-track
---

# Architecture

<HighlightBox type="synopsis">

> The Cosmos SDK offers developers next-generation technology for decentralized applications. Discover how the Cosmos architecture decisively solves the most familiar challenges and limitations of blockchain platforms.
> 
> This section unfolds the architecture of a blockchain application starting with low-level concerns such as consensus and upgradeability. Discover how application concerns are layered over a highly-efficient, general-purpose foundation that is equally applicable to public, private, and consortium blockchains. Then take a closer look at how to start creating a customized blockchain using the Cosmos SDK, superior to previous attempts creating general-purpose blockchains to run decentralized applications (dApps).

Reviewer: We don't need to boast so much, let the tech speak for itself :)

```suggestion
The Cosmos SDK offers developers next-generation technology for decentralized applications. Discover how the Cosmos architecture solves the most familiar challenges and limitations of blockchain platforms.

This section unfolds the architecture of a blockchain application, starting with low-level concerns such as consensus and upgradeability. Discover how application concerns are layered over a highly-efficient, general-purpose foundation that is equally applicable to public, private, and consortium blockchains. Then take a closer look at how to start creating a customized blockchain using the Cosmos SDK, and learn about the benefits of this method compared to creating general-purpose blockchains to run decentralized applications (dApps).
```
